Improve publishing instructions (#6)
Strivacity/sdk-mobile-android: README.md

  - Be sure to set the `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable
- [Android Command-line tools](https://developer.android.com/studio#command-line-tools-only)
  - Be sure to install at the correct location so binaries are located at `$ANDROID_HOME/cmdline-tools/<VERSION>/bin/`

>   - Before building, you must invoke `sdkmanager --licenses` to accept the licenses

Reviewer: there is no reference about using `sdkmanager` in the readme so i think this doesn't make sense here

Author: ```suggestion
  - Please note, the command-line tools include the `sdkmanager` binary, which is used during the build.  Before building, you must accept the sdkmanager licenses by invoking `sdkmanager --licenses`.
```

is this sufficient?
